So let's practice using patch manager.
So on the left-hand side, you have patch manager
and then you are in this UI
and you have a button here to create a patch policy.
So here we are able to set up a policy
that will patch our EC2 instances and on-premises instances.
So we have a patch policy name, this is DemoPolicy.
And then we have the option to either do a scan
to have a look at all my instances
and see if some patches are missing,
or we can do a scan and install.
In which case, we have a scanning schedule.
For example, here, this is daily at 1:00 AM,
but you can customize it if you wanted to,
or, and then you have the installation schedule,
which is, for example, that once a week,
the patches will be installed on the Sunday.
And again, you can set up your own frequency
if you wanted to.
Also, you can set up
that the instances can be rebooted if need be.
And then you say, okay, what is the patch baseline
to have the patches released to my instances?
So we can use the recommended default,
which is the patch baseline defined
for all the operating systems supported by AWS.
Or you can create your own custom patch baseline.
So you would select an operating system,
and then for each OS, you would select a patch baseline.
Now, of course, you only have
one patch baseline right now per OS,
but you can create your custom baselines if you wanted to.
Then do you want to write the output
of the patches log to S3 and then the targets,
where do you want them?
So this could be in the current region,
or you can set up now so they can have all the regions
if you wanted to as targets
to have the patch policy in one place only.
And then where do you want to deploy the patches?
So is it under all managed nodes by systems manager,
or do you have specific instances you want
to manually deploy to, for example?
Then the rate control.
So how fast do you want to deploy the patch?
For example, on 10% of all the nodes at a time
to make sure it's a gradual release.
And also, what is the error threshold?
For example, if you have too many errors,
then you're going to stop the patches
to make sure that you don't get, for example,
your entire fleet of instance down.
Then do you want to have instance profile
to be able to apply these patches?
So IAM roles right here, security.
And finally, create, and you'll be good to go.
So I won't create it,
but this is how you would create a full patch policy.
Next, if you go back to patch manager
and click on start with an overview,
you're going to get into the UI of patch manager.
So here you have dashboards
where you can see all the information
around your instance management,
your compliance and so on, with some reports.
So here you get node patching details.
Here you have your patch baseline.
So for each operating system, what is the patch baseline?
So you can click on it
nd have a look at it in greater details.
Or if you wanted to,
you can create your own patch baseline.
And this is where you would define your specific rules
for that OS, the approval rules and the exception.
So this is where you really customize things,
and then you can apply it to the patch policy we saw before.
We have the patches,
so let's have a look at all the patches, for example,
by operating system, when they're released,
if they're important, and so on.
And then settings to have a look at the integration
between security hub and patch manager.
And finally, if you want
to have a look at maintenance windows,
they're right here on the left-hand side.
So under maintenance windows,
we can create a maintenance window to run our patches.
So I call it one DemoMaintenanceWindow.
And then we allow unregistered targets
to be under this window.
Where do we want, how far, how often do we want
to run this window?
So it could be a cron schedule, a rate,
or a cron/rate expression.
So we can say, daily, you start every day at zero, three,
so 3:00 AM, and it's going
to be a two-hour maintenance window, okay?
And stop initiating task while zero hour
before the window closed.
But you can say one hour if you wanted to.
You can say start time
and end time if you wanted to schedule.
And then we can create this maintenance window, okay?
And within this window, what we can do
is that we can register specific tasks that will be run.
And one of these tasks, for example,
is could be a run command.
So I'll call it patch.
And the document to apply itself
is going to be AWS run patch.
And we have the run patch baseline right here,
documents that we can register within our targets,
and we can select unregistered
or unregistered targets, for example, these three,
to apply this.
And obviously, thanks to the maintenance windows,
we can specify concurrency and the error threshold.
Hopefully this works.
Obviously, one target at a time and zero for errors,
and that should do the tricks.
So let's see if I can just go ahead
and click on register run command, here we go.
So now, that means that within my maintenance window,
this run patch baseline will be run,
and it will happen only during this window.
So this is just a way to do things.
I'm not going to go ahead with this maintenance window,
but I want to show you a high level of how patch manager
and the maintenance window we're working.
And to clean that up, you can delete this maintenance window
and you'll be good to go.
So that's it. I hope you liked it,
and I will see you in the next lecture.